README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio Website

Winston Tsui's personal portfolio website using React framework, JavaScript, SCSS, CSS, HTML, email.js, leaflet, Git and GitHub technologies. Intended to showcase my skills, experiences, achievements in a professional manner and present my technical skills to the world.

## Winston Tsui

Computer Science, Syracuse University Student, New York.

Passionate about using code and technology to improve the world.

witsui@syr.edu

## Sources:

Credits to Slobodan Gajic

Credits to freeCodeCamp.org https://youtu.be/bmpI252DmiI?si=U7IrvCAWUP9wKhjV

Credits to bobangajicsm/react-portfolio-website https://github.com/bobangajicsm/react-portfolio-website

<br>
Markdown docs: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax

EmailJS docs: https://www.emailjs.com/docs/

leaflet docs: https://leafletjs.com/index.html

Deployed using netlify: https://www.netlify.com/

<br>

## Created using React
### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Last commit: Attempted responsive design

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio Website

Website is at ```https://melodic-capybara-ca9ddd.netlify.app/```

Archived 1/11/2024. There will be no future updates. Some notes: After filling out the form, press the back button to return to the page. Also, this website is not responsive. In a future e-commerce website, I will learn how to make websites responsibe.

Winston Tsui's personal portfolio website using React framework, JavaScript, SCSS, CSS, HTML, email.js, leaflet, Git and GitHub technologies. Intended to showcase my skills, experiences, achievements in a professional manner and present my technical skills to the world.

## Winston Tsui

Computer Science, Syracuse University Student, New York.

Passionate about using code and technology to improve the world.

witsui@syr.edu

## Sources:

Credits to Slobodan Gajic

Credits to freeCodeCamp.org https://youtu.be/bmpI252DmiI?si=U7IrvCAWUP9wKhjV

Credits to bobangajicsm/react-portfolio-website https://github.com/bobangajicsm/react-portfolio-website

<br>
Markdown docs: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax

EmailJS docs: https://www.emailjs.com/docs/

leaflet docs: https://leafletjs.com/index.html

Deployed using netlify: https://www.netlify.com/

<br>

## Created using React
### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
